okay good go ahead I assume you us okay
we are now recording or have been
probably recording that was fun
welcome to the corpus weekly sync of
March 16th I will start off with
upcoming trip releases this is actually
my outfit yeah the Gophers RC is bit
late we're trying to get out the release
by the end of this month so we hope to
have the RC out by Friday coordination
is a bit tricky we've been having like
synchronous meetings constantly execute
halftime but it's only semi synchronous
tickets we're all in different time
zones so we get a good joke of the day
together but it's not I know it's not
like an even simpler so yeah the
coronavirus is a bit trickier but we're
doing your best with their cups tragic
perhaps tones like you're working on the
key throw factor to the boy issues with
like file system or like some specific
names in that key names affecting at
best
so skirt least or them unencoded we just
pile system but somehow stuff like
certain types of names so we are
changing these to be a story took place
30 10 code names something my gateway
should be landing soon as well yeah
little tiny bits what patches I think
saline skimmers I'm not sure but
everything else there's looking pretty
good it's been running on the gateway
did you get weight and a fine oh
well we can i litter the idea is that i
the addressed shoulders aren't quite
working as well as we had hoped
now as they are kind of working so we
have to fix that there's a bug we
introduced in the defeat recently yeah
we're so finished
- final DST patches we should open
actually the end of the week if you have
any less than the change to go for this
please make them now but please only
make them if you action you can do this
otherwise yeah I please hold off until
well April what we actually finished
release
cuz ground do we have anything from -
ground we do not have any - ground okay
nothing has happened on test ground this
week so much has happened to us convert
this week but we don't have any update
and that's less infinitesimally thank
you so content writing so much I saw a
vest for a spectrum yeah so we wanted to
ship the pin speed improvements in the
next version but it's looking like it's
going to take a little bit longer to
resolve that so probably gonna try to
ship a bug fix release next this week at
some point as soon as basically as soon
as we finished merging amethyst into the
core because we've got a bunch of yeah
bugs have been fixed and it's a little
bit smaller so he really great scale
point release after adding Hydra daveed
or okay Hydra the we're almost done with
stage one and I've tagged a zero to one
release I guess for Hydra we've got
thanks to pizza we've got we've got
balanced PID generation so we don't just
generate around au pair IDs we actually
generate a bunch of your IDs that are
equally kind of distributed amongst the
so thanks for that we've got DVDs
working on providing for things that
we've asked for that's still in flight
but you know that should wait land
hopefully soon because it's not it's not
too big but it's not blocking so that's
good we've got Prometheus metrics they
are collecting some bits and pieces that
we want to collect so
so that's that's awesome and we'd like
yeah there's a little bit of work on the
UI so that actually just pulls the it's
all this information from Prometheus
metrics endpoint that we expose which is
super rare so we don't have a separate
kind of stats collecting process for
that which is nice so it's been tagged
and we're trying to well I'm trying to
deploy it I'm just figuring out a Google
cloud kubernetes things and like Dockers
and stuff and just trying to get it it
get a version deployed with a few heads
and then ramp it up from there basically
so yeah so far anything to add the read
yeah so thank you for yeah I keep from
it to cover you all I guess just like to
highlight next steps so other than
getting it deployed inside seeing some
sets getting out of it which hopefully
gets done today or tomorrow the next big
chunky items are the shared routing
table until right now there's like four
proposals or not to do it on table it
will require some design thinking like
there's a lot of input so it's not that
we are looking for feedback we just need
to think more about it and then the
other thing is the shared data store
across multiple machines we are thinking
of using just like a like a standard
database like phosphorus
I believe that Jeremy implemented a
backhand in phosphorus a long time ago
okay that's a thumbs up is it still up
tonight Stephen and I can I can you
interested
I think it's reasonably up-to-date I
don't think it has been extremely tested
I've been updating it but it hasn't been
like thoroughly trashing it like making
sure that it works correctly but I think
it happens the the test we cool so you
know who be the next two things starting
next week
[Music]
what
you
is there the best firm and it's good to
be like today today
I also require are more like tinkering
with internals and so yeah we we haven't
made a decision yet we need to think
more about it okay
team do you have any update just that
most of the DHT changes are looking
looking good just writing more tests now
and trying to scale the test so that
they we can somewhat plausibly emulate
the network and what it will look like
on day one when we roll out the changes
to make sure that we don't break
anything and make things perform at
least as well as they are now even some
people on the old network I remember you
talking about some unit has issues and
we were so close yet Larson's looking
into those now thank you okay then if
its content routing hopefully we will be
able to land enough to changes in the
next day or due to it like their test
against blood network okay a question
like we'd realize the testing I'm very
curious to understand like what is the
success rate like using tests on to test
the DHT changes are we like being able
to like run multiple G's like is it
being like stable right now or well yeah
I mean running multiple network
topologies requires defining multiple
topologies and assuming that they make
sense so sure we can do that but like
there haven't been too many proposals of
different topologies so we've just been
using a few that we have the the tests
are supposed to be able to scale more I
haven't taken the newest test which
old DHT nodes against new DHT nodes in
various different ways I haven't scaled
it up to you know thousands of nodes on
kubernetes yeah I'm just running them
locally and making sure those changes
work and running into some issues with
the synchronization service but
hopefully we will get through those in
the next you know day or so and see what
happens when we throw it on kubernetes
and if it falls over or not one one
thing we should think about a little bit
is if there's a way to disconnect the
various network topologies we can think
about from the specific tests so that we
can reuse those and other types of tests
right like both like I've got some nodes
that are old and some notes that are new
and then I have network activity that
looks like you know whatever that seems
like we will want to reuse it for each
new feature yeah I mean probably if we
can start defining them like right now
they're defined like the topologies are
effectively defined on limpidity no it's
not DHT nodes so again I think the the
issue there's not so much can we do it
but like what do we want to do given
that we could do it thank you so much
for the update if I may ask just like
some numbers question so are we still on
mic around a thousand containers as the
limit for the Copernicus question or
have we managed to like bundle number oh
I have no idea okay
Tuscon team required for that answer and
I guess just like you like so for the
cost of testing what we were thinking if
there is a container limit you just like
to spin multiple nodes within the same
container and do some magic to tell
other nodes do not use the IP you will
run into issues simulating things like
lit and see because the sidecar is not
designed for that it might actually just
sort of work as long as you don't use
localhost
it might go out the right interface I'm
not sure how to TC works
he might just magically do it yeah I
accept my gateways it's ongoing video I
think most of stuff is addressed I just
look at it turned out to topics that's
I'm to address one is the way API is
happening right now it's mounted on the
subdomains and we don't want that and
the second one is additional validation
before we retire exit everything else
seems to be already on the PR so I hope
to do that like today tomorrow so
Stephen can make another pass on this
and in the meantime I think support the
companion I have to make a release this
week to the better channel make it as
soon as possible because like for
chromium users that takes weeks so the
sooner we learn that the sooner like
hopefully we will be able to record in
it so I give first release with like
companion which is actually capable of
supporting that so that's the plan yes I
want to take to go from like Marc McLean
is better to actually releasing it okay
if something is is better like you
didn't let you just press a button now
it's released or they have a second the
thing is like it's the separate
extension ID we got the two extensions
effectively one is better one is stable
so I can like publish this table just
like one day later as and that will
probably be what I will do
it's just and then oh so and then like
can't pull that one out if something
goes wrong with the better so oh my god
can we do that oh yeah the cool thing is
selected for Chrome Web Store where we
have like 25k of users we can publish
but
we can select only like for the update
to be published to only like 5% okay so
ya know like I've usually smoke testing
by the channel is enough it's mostly
like time consuming that's why I want to
paralyze this world okay thank you
Dirk the clop yes so this week just kind
of closed out a couple last issues
adding in some documentation and
cleaning some things up so I think we're
now know testing against aging rice news
we are now testing against aging yes
yeah and I have not seen any crashes or
any issues so I think we're good so I
could submit before bed fast enough that
it was exposing other bugs
but we fix this con today's chunky yes
actually didn't get very far because I
caught something so last week was very
sleepy but we did finalize the design of
how actually import and export work I
for on the YT FS side this is actually
part of of the dagger tool this is how
they communicate between each other
I already did some PRS in the
dependencies of my PFS
and getting ready to push the final or
forgo idea as itself I know Stephen
you're busy I am not really blocked on
anything because I know what what the
design is like so you know if you have
if you have better stuff to review
review the better stuff on the dagger
itself a little bit of progress on stats
Shanker interfaces basically how to be
able to specify multiple in line it
still doesn't work correctly the way
envision it to hopefully another couple
days should it should land and this
visual concludes 0.1 version of hope
dagger being able to put stuff into ipfs
and being able to specify multiple
genders one after another and that's all
I have right now I start tough business
and anything is not attending today got
it
then arrest I pick up mark we can't hear
you muted that better yep okay yeah so
phase 1.0 of the grant is complete
pending the report the milestone report
that I'll be submitting on Tuesday or
Wednesday this week and we're also
working on two blog posts one will be on
the ipfs that io blog and one will be on
from us at equilibrium to go you know go
up together as of right now we have the
ipfs path set up so the folder the repo
folder the ID api the version API and
the swarm api are either you know done
or very close to being done in progress
pub/sub is up on deck and then from
there we're gonna get blocked dag refs
and bid swap in phase one point two
which should enable people to create I
peeled the applications or something
like them we're waiting in a couple or
at least one major decision from
protocol labs which is the
somebody linked to a thread that was the
indexing by a multi hash or not or how
to index blocks and things like that
what we're doing now is just keeping
things as idiomatic to the rest language
as possible and keeping things
consistent with Stevens and Volkers
recommendations but we're we're gonna
move on and basically circle back to
whatever the decision that's made there
unless something happened the last 72
hours or so that I hadn't heard about so
that's basically that's where we're at
thank you any other initiatives I take
that as a No
then we have design review proposals
which I have one which is what we just
talked about yeah so I don't want to
beat this too much but we do need to
have this discussion
the basic issue is we are planning on
switching to multi hashes in datastore
but this does throw away useful
information that is namely the up codec
so we should have a meeting where we
discuss the trade-offs here and decide
if you want to continue going forward
and switching to see IDs in the block
store or if you want our site to
multinational box stores or we want to
do something like switch to CI needs one
in the block store just to like make
sure that we're all on the same page in
terms of the trade-offs
it's kind of at 11:00 hour but we need
to have discussion just to make sure
we're on the same page so please read
issue resolved background and if you're
interested write your name here and I'll
schedule meeting is anything like a in
between solution where use just like in
the key you separate the collect from
the movie ASCII so that you can still
like search the data store for the multi
eyes which are looking for and then if
you need them what they call that you
also I read there I see yes that's what
is proposed here where we could have we
could sort of walk along with a set of
codecs for walk yeah yeah I mean you
know yeah yeah the problem there isn't
like we don't get this atomic right
thing unless it's like the only way to
this was like like separate rice
basically is to have two months really
writes a block and then separately you
write like some additional codec
information so you write like it's like
that could access flash multi hash slash
the actual codec yeah it's almost like
just taking our database the thing is
like the what we are preventing is
actively having batter that is read by
multiple codecs yeah at least for for
now and for the foreseeable feature the
mag 99.999 percent of the cases it will
be one contact or X yeah well so that's
what if the alternative solution here is
just use the IDB one so that there two
problems are now what is to codecs to is
two versions the versions are relate the
problem the codecs a list of the problem
it's like we could you just say
everything switch this he who one is a
block store and that will get rid of
99.9% of problems there's still the
problem of like I would like to feels
like take a units of a stag turning into
proper locks
and a build my own custom guy got top of
this it's kind of like a special like
almost a good car format we're like I
can have it's really unbalanced whatever
dag like you don't necessary have to
understand all like I don't even touch
for but then I can sort of like take
them all this walks turned into a
sequence of like raw blocks built this
nice even like mediator diverse segment
helps that and tell you to fish that
that's the feature that I would like to
be able to have which would like require
something like like this now like I
basically we have to walk through all
even trade-offs here
I think this is a totally optional
meeting have attended if you're
interested in the problem and you get
her to otherwise like yeah Sam yep I'm
interested on like I've been part of
this Steven I think you just said that I
want to have X can you put this in the
issue like put it in words because yeah
it will it's not something many have
talked about myself included so we will
help Canyon to think about I put in a
small request that
yonas from the equilibrium rust ipfs
team could attend this meeting as well
what will be the best way to ensure that
he gets the information of like where
and when that meeting would be I don't
need a pad yeah yeah sorry yeah just put
an email in this pad here okay sounds
good yeah all right no like yeah
mostly around there so this is the
meeting or making the decision so like
if you come to the meeting and you're
asking a lot of questions yeah we're
finally not going to answer another
question so read up read through very
carefully all the context yeah I don't
think he'll be disruptive or anything I
think he just wants to know okay one
that will be implementing it so I think
it would be good down there yeah I
thought it was like the just the way we
run these design decision meeting so
basically like okay every new joint
tries to have mr. contacts ahead of time
and then we like this we say we will
come to a decision by the end of the
meeting and it's a 14 function that we
used so like because like async you kind
of drive comes on forever and ever you
have a sick person eating where you just
all like talk about it because for
certain things are done oh yeah that
sounds great I would love to get their
opinions on okay cool I'll cow pass that
on make sure that he knows okay all
right thank you walkers asks any alerts
for Oh mr. Pappas anything you think
might be dropped Stephen if you take a
look at the truth filtering TR in CAD
DHT we should make sure that that's
where it needs to be thank you for the
miter anything else just the hubs okay
but I'm gonna be putting Doc's together
over the next week for the release
probably gonna be pinging various people
in this call
Wow just declare of things that I don't
understand like what is bit swap and how
do you actually spell it things like
that so yeah just keep Polikoff that uh
there's something you should look at
looks like I have to find the actual
update okay
here is an initial update to the
changelog I will put it in the notes
under the release section and also to
the chart if you're interested in seeing
what's coming in the release doesn't
have everything but it has the errata
all the stuff that people need to know
or most the stuff that people need to
know so like it's things it might be
just doesn't give me how that greatest
come to us like this will tell you like
the importance that like maybe changing
or major boom okay okay so that's one
asks actually another acting out there
is okay yeah please contribute if
release notes if you know anything has
changed I don't please update it and I'm
running over anyone have any questions
handy parts much release parties now
okay then I think that's it
how about y'all go thank you